SRS  FOR ASSIGNMENT NO. 6-

Core Requirements-
1. Develop an ERP system
2. Profile page for student, teacher and Administrator.
3. Procedure to register for current semester for students.
4. Procedure to register new teachers by administrator.
5. Procedure to register new courses and their tutors by admin.
6. Procedure to enable/disable current semester registration by administrator.
7. Procedure to allot grades to students registered by the corresponding teacher.
8. Access to grades of students by all administrator, teacher and student.

Detailed Requirements-
1.	Same login page for teacher, student and administrator.
2.	Provision of password for student, teacher and administrator login.
3.	Roll number of each student to be generated automatically at registration.
Student should be provided his/her roll number at the time of registration.
4.	Registration number of each teacher to be generated automatically.
5.	Only registered teachers to be able to take any course.
6.	Only registered students to be able to take any course.
7.	Student to be able to register in current semester only if administrator has allowed current semester registration.
8.	A course can be taken only by one teacher only although one teacher can take several courses.
9.	Duplicate entries-
Duplicate student names not to be allowed.
Duplicate teacher names not to be allowed.
Duplicate course names not to be allowed.
In case of duplicate entry, message to be given regarding the problem.
10.	Administrator Profile-
Option for enabling/disabling current semester registration.
Option for viewing any student’s grades.
Teacher addition procedure.
Course addition procedure with teacher name.
        
11.	Student Profile-
Name and roll number to be displayed in student profile.
Student to be able to see the names of courses registered in his profile.
Student to be able to see his/her grades in courses registered only.
12.	Teacher Profile-
Name and registration number of teacher to be displayed in teacher profile.
Teacher to be able to see and allot the grades to student registered in his/her courses only.
13.	Only one person should be able to login at a time since it is a desktop application.
14.	Provision for logout for teacher, student and administrator.
Once the logout is done the home page/login page- to be displayed for further  operation.
15.	Proper prompt against each entry options.
Entry options include any field used to take input.



Specification-
1.	Software should be developed in java swing.
Software to be run as a desktop application.
2.	No database to be used for all the above mentioned jobs.
Use of file handling for all data handling.
Deadline for delivery of software-12/02/2011



